- So, you brought flowers
and then I'm told now
there's another gift?
- Yep, I have another gift
for you for--
happy birthday again,
by the way.
So, we all know Ellen's
an incredible woman, right?
[cheers and applause]
Well, she was honored
at the People's Choice Award,
and she was given
the "World's Favorite Human."
- No.
[both laugh]
- Nope, I'm kidding.
"World's Favorite Humanitarian,"
and then here's why.
[Taylor Swift's
"Out of the Woods"]
- I started out as a comedian,
and I wanted
to make people happy,
to make people laugh,
and this has turned into
something so much better for me,
that I get
to change people's lives.
- I just want to say thank you,
because for five years,
you've been my chemo buddy
every night,
and you've helped me
go to sleep with a laugh.
I just thank you
from the bottom of my heart.
- Thank you.
[music continues]
- [singing]
The rest of the world
Is black and white
But we were in screaming color